Testing Interview Questions

1. What is a use case?
Ans. A use case is a description of a particular use of the system by an actor or user. It defines all the steps or procedure to follow when a role/actor wants to achieve particular action with the system.
Example:
Use case: Customer wants to join loyalty program
Steps: 
1. Login to system
2. Read loyalty program instructions or T&C
3. Click join
4. Enter required details
5. Submit application

2. What is a test case?
Ans. A TEST CASE is a set of conditions or variables under which a tester will determine whether a system under test satisfies requirements or works correctly.

3. What is the main difference between Array and Array List?
Ans. Array will have fixed size once declared. Array size cannot be modified.
Array List will have dynamic size. It will change dynamically while more number of elements are added.

One more important diff is array can add both objects and primitives. But array list only adds objects. if you try to add primitives, it will convert them to objects and add to it.

4. What is partial class?
Ans. Partial class is the one which is generated by compiling a number of java files into a single class file. To declare a class as a partial class we need to use partial keyword before the class as shown below.

public partial class1{
}

public partial class1{
}

public partial class1{
}

public partial class1{
}

Now here we have declared 4 classed with the same name and has appended partial keyword before them. So when we compile the program the compiler creates a single class file by combining the code from the 4 partial java files.

5. Can severity and priority of a bug changes with time?
Ans. Priority can change with time but not severity. Once the severity of a particular bug is P2, then it will be P2 for life long.

6. What happens if we use two @BeforeSuite annotations in the class? Will it throw error or both will execute or only one will execute?
Ans. Only one @BeforeSuite will be executed and there may not be any sequence or idea on which one will be executed. It depends on the compiler decision at the time of execution. No error will be thrown.

7. 





